1.
Question 1
## Which of the following are capabilities of Text Analytics service? Select all options that apply.

1 / 1 point

Describe an image


x Identify and categorize entities in a text

Correct
Text Analytics can determine the language of a text, as well as identify and categorize entities in the text.


x Determine the language of a document or text

Correct
Text Analytics can determine the language of a text, as well as identify and categorize entities in the text.


Read text in an image

2.
Question 2
## Which of the following scenarios can be a good fit for Text Analytics?

Select all options that apply.

1 / 1 point

x A tool to extract brand information or company names from documents or other text for identification purposes.

Correct
Tags can be associated with the images as metadata that summarizes attributes of the images.


x A social media feed analyzer to detect sentiment around a political campaign or a product in market

Correct
Text Analytics can help in detecting sentiment in text, as well as identifying and categorizing entities (such as brands or company names in the text.


A tool to analyze documents and extracting handwritten text from them.

3.
Question 3
## You’re planning on programmatically analyzing the text from an online magazine and scan if there are any mentions of any known celebrities. Is Text Analytics a service that can be used for this task?

1 / 1 point

x Yes


No

Correct
Text Analytics is used to identify and categorize entities in the text. Entities can be people, places, organizations, or even everyday items such as dates, times, quantities, and so on.

4.
Question 4
## You want to use the Text Analytics service to determine if a text was written positively or negatively. Which feature of Text Analytics should you use?

1 / 1 point

Entity detection


Key phrase extraction


x Sentiment analysis

Correct
Sentiment analysis feature permits to determine a positive or negative sentiment on a text.

5.
Question 5
True or False?

## Analyzing text is a process where you evaluate different aspects of a document or phrase to identify thelength of the text.

1 / 1 point

True


x False

Correct
Analyzing text is a process where you evaluate different aspects of a document or phrase to gain insights into the content of that text.