1.
Question 1
## For an AI solution to accept vocal commands and provide spoken responses, what capabilities must the AI system support?

Select all options that apply.

1 / 1 point

x Speech synthesis

Correct
Speech recognition represents the ability to detect and interpret spoken input, while Speech synthesis represents the ability to generate spoken output.


x Speech recognition

Correct
Speech recognition represents the ability to detect and interpret spoken input, while Speech synthesis represents the ability to generate spoken output.


Speech translation

2.
Question 2
## What does an acoustic model execute?

1 / 1 point

Creates phonemes out of words


x Converts the audio signal into phonemes


Maps phonemes to words

Correct
An acoustic model converts the audio signal into phonemes.

3.
Question 3
True or False?

## To synthesize speech, the system typically tokenizes the text to break it down into individual words and assigns phonetic sounds to each word.

1 / 1 point

x True


False

Correct
To synthesize speech, the system typically tokenizes the text to break it down into individual words, and assigns phonetic sounds to each word

4.
Question 4
## You’re planning on creating and architecting a solution that will make use of Speech service in combination with other cognitive services. What resource should you deploy?

1 / 1 point

A Speech resource


Multiple Cognitive Service resources, one for each service needed.


x A Cognitive Services resource

Correct
If you plan to use the Speech service in combination with other cognitive services, you only need a Cognitive Services resource.

5.
Question 5
## In which of the following cases can Speech recognition be utilized?

Select all options that apply

1 / 1 point

x Providing closed captions for recorded or live videos

Correct
Speech recognition can help in providing closed captions for videos, as well as creating transcripts of calls or meetings.


x Creating a transcript of a phone call or meeting

Correct
Speech recognition can help in providing closed captions for videos, can create transcripts of calls or meetings, and can detect the language spoken in an audio.


x Automatic language detection in an audio

Correct
Speech recognition can help in providing closed captions for videos, can create transcripts of calls/meetings, and can detect the language spoken in an audio.


Generating audio responses for a chatbot