

## 1. Question 1 The company that you work for plans to develop an e-commerce website and deploy it in an Azure web app.

You choose to perform a manual deployment of the application and you want to push your code in Azure via Azure CLI.

Which feature/command should you use to perform that action?
1 / 1 point


az webapp push


x az webapp up


az webapp deployment
Correct
az webapp up is a feature of the az command-line interface that packages your app and deploys it.


## 2. Question 2 What are App Service Plans used for in Azure Web apps?

Select all options that apply.
0 / 1 point


To determine the strategy of recovering and backing-up your web app.


x To determine the billing process for your web app.


x To determine the App Service features of the web app.
Correct
An App Service plan also determines the features of the web app assigned to it.


x To determine the performance of the machines hosting your web app.
Correct
An App Service plan is a set of virtual server resources that run App Service apps. A plan's size (sometimes referred to as its SKU or pricing tier) determines the performance characteristics of the virtual servers that run the apps assigned to the plan.
You didn’t select all the correct answers


## 3. Question 3 True or False?

The number of web apps deployed on a single App Service Plan does not affect the costs of your bill.
1 / 1 point


x True


False
Correct
The size of the App Service plan in your subscription, in addition to the bandwidth resources used by the apps deployed to that plan, determines the price you will pay. The number of web apps deployed to your App Service plans has no effect on your bill.


## 4. Question 4 If you want your Azure web app to benefit from features such as Custom Domains/SSL, auto-scale up to 20 instances, at least 3.5 GB RAM, and daily back-ups, which App Service Plan should you chose?
1 / 1 point


Prod P2V2


Dev/test B1


Dev/test F1


x Prod P1V2
Correct
This app service plan is used for production environments and provides you with all the features and performance characteristics mentioned and more. 


## 5. Question 5 If you want to build a web app and your preferred development language is C#, which runtime stack should you use on your Azure Web App Service?
1 / 1 point


x .NET Core 3.1


PHP


Ruby


Node 12 LTS
Correct
This runtime stack supports C# development language.


## 6. Question 6 If you want to build a web app using Python, which web application framework should you install?
1 / 1 point


ASP.NET


Maven


x Flask


Node Package Manager (npm)
Correct
Flask is a web framework written in Python.


## 7. Question 7 Which of the following sources can be configured for automated deployment in Azure?

Select all options that apply.
1 / 1 point


x OneDrive
Correct
OneDrive can be configured as a source for automated deployment in Azure.


x Azure DevOps
Correct
Azure DevOps can be configured as a source for automated deployment in Azure.


x GitHub
Correct
GitHub can be configured as a source for automated deployment in Azure.


Mercurial