
## 1. Question 1 When you’re planning to host a web app in Azure, which is the first resource you should deploy inside your Azure subscription?
1 / 1 point


A virtual machine 


x An app service web app


A resource group


A virtual network
Correct
This is the first step you make towards creating a web app in Azure. Azure App Service is a fully managed web application hosting platform that allows you to focus on designing and building your app while Azure takes care of the infrastructure to run and scale your applications.

## 2. Question 2 The Azure App Service belongs to which cloud service model?
1 / 1 point


IaaS


x PaaS


SaaS 
Correct
Azure App Service is a PaaS model as it gives the developers a framework that they can build upon and use to create customized apps, and the freedom to focus on developing the app without having to worry about maintaining the infrastructure. 

## 3. Question 3 What are deployments slots used for in Azure web apps?

Select all options that apply.
1 / 1 point


x To test your web app code on Azure
Correct
You can use a Staging deployment slot to test your web app code before sending it into the Production environment.


x To swap your web app between Production and Staging environments 
Correct
You can use Production and Staging deployment slots so you can minimize downtime when or if you want to add a feature or fix a bug on your web app.


To group your web app resources


To reserve virtual machine so you can host your web app

## 4. Question 4 Which are the continuous integration/deployment (CI/CD) tools that the Azure Portal provides out-of-box support for your web app?

Select all options that apply.
1 / 1 point


x BitBucket
Correct
The Azure Portal has built-in support for BitBucket repos and version control.


x GitHub
Correct
The Azure Portal has built-in support for GitHub repos and version control.


x local Git repo
Correct
The Azure Portal has built-in support for local Git repos and version control.


x Azure DevOps
Correct
The Azure Portal has built-in support for Azure DevOps build and release process.


x FTP
Correct
App Service also supports FTP-based publishing for more traditional workflows.

## 5. Question 5 True or False?

Azure Web App Service has the built-in ability to automatically scale up/down or scale out.

Scaling out is the process of increasing the resources of the underlying machine used to host your web app.
1 / 1 point


True


x False
Correct
Scaling out is the process of increasing the number of machine instances that are running your web app.