

## 1. Question 1 When Visual Studio creates a web project, which is the port used for the web server?
1 / 1 point


4381


x Random port


44352


44381 
Correct
When Visual Studio creates a web project, a random port is used for the web server. If you run the app again, you’ll likely see a different port number.


## 2. Question 2 Which are some of the development languages supported by Azure App Service?

Select all options that apply.
1 / 1 point


x Ruby
Correct
Azure App Service supports code written in Ruby.


Scala


x Python
Correct
Azure App Service supports code written in Python.


x PHP
Correct
Azure App Service supports code written in PHP.


x Java
Correct
Azure App Service supports code written in Java.


## 3. Question 3 True or False?

There is no limit to the number of web apps you can add to one App Service Plan.
1 / 1 point


x True


False
Correct
There is no actual number limit, but adding multiple web apps on a single App Service Plan will share the resources available between the web apps, meaning that the size of the web apps and the size of the Plan will eventually provide limitations.




## 4. Question 4 Which App Service Plan provides the maximum scale-out capabilities and the highest levels of security and performance?
1 / 1 point


Premium


Premium V2


x Isolated


Standard
Correct
This tier runs dedicated Azure VMs on dedicated Azure virtual networks, which provide network isolation on top of compute isolation to your apps. It provides the maximum scale-out capabilities. You would only select an Isolated service plan when you have a specific requirement for the highest levels of security and performance.


## 5. Question 5 What information do you need to provide so you can publish your local web app to your Azure App Service?

Select all options that apply.
1 / 1 point


x Name
Correct
The name of your application. The name determines the URL of the published application, which will be https://<AppName>.azurewebsites.net. It must be a unique value.


x Subscription
Correct
The Azure subscription you wish to deploy the app to.


x Hosting Plan
Correct
The hosting plan specifies the location, size, and features of the web server farm that hosts your app.


Region


x Resource group
Correct
The resource group you wish to deploy the app to, existing or new.





## 6. Question 6 After publishing your web app, Visual Studio will structure the project for you.

In which folder are the static assets for your site located?
1 / 1 point


Pages


x wwwroot


Dependencies


Properties
Correct
The wwwroot file contains all of your static assets for your site, such as the css, js, images, and lib files. When you are ready to style and add more functionality to your site, you will work in here.


## 7. Question 7 Which language is used by Razor to create dynamic web pages?
1 / 1 point


Python


x C#


Ruby


Java
Correct
Razor is an ASP.NET syntax used to create dynamic web pages with C#. When a server reads a Razor page, the C# code is run before it renders the HTML. This allows you to generate dynamic content quickly.