1.
Question 1
## What information does the object detection model return?

Select all options that apply.

1 / 1 point

x The probability score of the object classification

Correct
Object detection returns the following information: the class of each object identified in the image, the probability score of the object classification, and the coordinates of a bounding box for each object.


x The class of each object identified in the image

Correct
Object detection returns the following information: the class of each object identified in the image, the probability score of the object classification and the coordinates of a bounding box for each object.


x The coordinates of a bounding box for each object

Correct
Object detection returns the following information: the class of each object identified in the image, the probability score of the object classification, and the coordinates of a bounding box for each object.


A (x,y) set of coordinates for each object

2.
Question 2
## Compared to the image classification capability, what additional features does the object detection capability offer?

1 / 1 point

The size of the object


The texture of the object


x A bounding box that indicates the object’s location

Correct
Object detection goes further than simply classifying individual objects within the image, it returns the coordinates of a bounding box that indicates the object's location.

3.
Question 3
## Object detection returns a probability score for each object that it classifies. What is this score also called?

1 / 1 point

Precision


Capability


x Confidence

Correct
The probability score of the object classification can be interpreted as the confidence of the predicted class being correct.

4.
Question 4
## What is the Custom Vision portal?

1 / 1 point

x A graphical interface that helps manage and train models by tagging classes and bounding box coordinates in a set of training images.


A portal where you can retrieve the endpoint and the key of the service


A set of APIs for configuring the services

Correct
The Custom vision portal is a graphical interface that helps manage and train models by tagging classes and bounding box coordinates in a set of training images.

5.
Question 5
True or False?

## Before you can train an object detection model, you must tag the classes and bounding box coordinates in a set of training images.

1 / 1 point

x True


False

Correct
Before you can train an object detection model, you must tag the classes and bounding box coordinates in a set of training images.