1.
Question 1
## Which of the following scenarios is a good scenario in which to use OCR?

Select all options that apply.

1 / 1 point

x Scanning printed or handwritten checks for bank deposits.

Correct
OCR can recognize printed and handwritten text in images.


Analyzing the content of an image to form a description.


x Digitizing forms, such as medical records or historical documents.

Correct
OCR can recognize printed and handwritten text in images.

2.
Question 2
## When you use the OCR API to process an image, what hierarchy of information does it return?

1 / 1 point

First words, then lines, then regions


First lines, then regions, then words


x First regions, then lines, then words

Correct
When you use the OCR API to process an image, it returns a hierarchy of information that consists of regions, then lines, and then words.

3.
Question 3
True or False?

## Because the Read API can work with larger documents, it works asynchronously so as not to block your application while it is reading the content and returning results to your application.

1 / 1 point

x True


False

Correct
Because the Read API can work with larger documents, it works asynchronously so as not to block your application while it is reading the content and returning results to your application.

4.
Question 4
## You are using Read API to extract text from images. To retrieve the results of the operation, what parameter do you need to take into account?

1 / 1 point

Document ID


Timestamp


x Operation ID

Correct
The operation ID helps to check on the status of the image analysis operation and to retrieve the results of the operation.

5.
Question 5
## You plan to use the Computer Vision service to extract small text pieces from images. Which API should you use?

1 / 1 point

The Read API


The Recognize Text API


x The OCR API

Correct
The OCR API is designed for the quick extraction of small amounts of text in images.