{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;\red5\green61\blue199;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c0\c33725\c82353;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs88 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Introduction to Ethereum\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 Ethereum is often described as the \'91world computer\'92. What does that mean exactly? Ethereum is a platform on which anyone can build decentralized applications, where every program and action is universally accessible and verifiable because everything happens on the global Ethereum blockchain (mainnet). The feature of Ethereum that makes it so extensible is that it is a programmable blockchain. It is similar to a programmable distributed ledger, where everyone agrees to run the same applications with the same data. However, it is not just a ledger, but a global, shared data processing protocol. Hence, the idea of a world computer.\
The main Ethereum blockchain is permissionless, meaning anyone can join the network. There are a few caveats to this, but basically, as long as you have an internet connection and follow the protocol, you can participate. Every participant running the protocol is a node in the network and executes and records the same activity. An action on the network is called a transaction. Transactions are grouped into blocks. Only one block can be added at a time and mathematical proofs verify the order of the blocks. This keeps the \'91distributed spreadsheet' in sync.\
Every participant in the network processing every transaction results in a system that is expensive to maintain and change. To reduce spam and disincentivize valueless transactions, every operation on the network costs gas. Gas is the fuel of the Ethereum network. It is required to cause any modification to the blockchain. Users can choose how much to pay for gas for each transaction - the more they are willing to pay, the faster their transaction is likely to be processed by the network. At the time of this writing (February 1st 2018) the average cost of a transaction converts to roughy $1.30 USD. Gas is paid for with Ether (ETH), the native token of the Ethereum blockchain, which is explained in more depth in the Consensus section below.\
Operating on the Ethereum mainnet, the public Ethereum blockchain, means that a user will be exchanging value for the services provided by miners. For those who do not want to spend any money, there are several public test networks that essentially follow the same protocol as the main network (mainnet), but are free to use. These test networks are useful for developing and testing applications for Ethereum, but do not have the same reliability or security as the main network so they should not be trusted to handle real value. The test networks are called Ropsten, Rinkeby and Kovan.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://blog.coinbase.com/a-beginners-guide-to-ethereum-46dd486ceecf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 This}} beginner's guide to Ethereum is a great resource to know more about Ethereum.}